the stock market is in a state of
disbelief have you seen what investors
are doing in the case of Amazon insiders
are selling right now we're going to
break down what's happening right here
the different dynamics that we really
haven't seen in the stock market for a
while I'm going to connect that in with
what's going on in the economy and of
course the Investments that you could be
making today all here you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
I think it's important to look at what's
going on in the market from mult
multiple levels and with that
information we're going to be able to
make better decisions so right here and
now you could see not trading places but
you can see that the stock market is
getting
ocked the quick rise of
glp1 weight loss drugs is set to drive a
big shakeup in the stock market and can
you believe it right now this has been
the new trend investors retail investors
are hopping on to weight loss drugs as
the new you know gme and AMC oh they've
become the you know the hot pick today
and so we have seen so many investors
popping in to these particular stocks
leaving the Staples leaving the
companies that would be strong during
these more uh you know these difficult
times that we need more resilience
instead more risk is being taken okay we
also have this Walmart says that users
of the weight loss drug are buying less
food I'm not sure if they can you know
really say that however the retailer
used anonymized data on shopping
patterns based on customers who pick up
prescriptions and buy groceries at his
stores you know is that enough
information you tell me do you think
that this is the case at least Walmart
is using that data I don't know if
they're customers know they're using
that data the point is what do you think
about this let me know in the comments
let's let's have that discussion we can
reply to each other let's all get
together okay we always do this in the
Discord group but on the comments we got
to do that as well markets have a fear
of everything today call it
pantophobia and yet that hasn't fully
manifest manifested into a panic and
certainly the market while it's off from
its high is still doing very well
considering oh we're going to go into a
recession we're at the highest interest
rates we've been in years and yet still
why because like Pavlov's dog we see
that every time they ring that Bell you
know what it means that the stock market
is going to go up as a result of the
money Printing and so in anticipation of
that event which will happen at some
point investors are saying I'd rather
keep my money in here but some are doing
something else today and it's this real
Balancing Act and I'll break that down a
little bit further here but you you can
see that definitely investors are
fearful but they're still investing it's
not as if they're putting their money
under their mattress things have changed
let's talk about it all right you could
see um basically just talking about the
fact that while we do have these
circumstances there's optimism it's here
oh yes well Apple's iPhone is off to a
disappointing start in China part of
that of course because they are you know
dealing with their own issues right now
although the most recent statistics just
before I recorded this video I was
looking at it where we have some numbers
out of China that after all of the
stimulus measures they have put in it
has resulted in some growth there but in
general the you know average Chinese
consumer has not been spending as much
as they did previously there's concerns
about the real estate market I mean come
on we know that and at the same time
maybe people are just not as interested
in iPhones anymore that are you know
these incremental upgrades and in the US
you're going to be paying the highest
price ever so there's inflation even on
iPhones the highest price ever for a
phone yes it has titanium that's a
premium metal but when you could bend it
with your fingers as if you might have
seen that
video does it really matter if it's
Titanium because simply bending it okay
anyway all right now this comes out of
Seeking Alpha if you're interested in
Seeking Alpha the link is in the
description this is the premium Amazon
insiders are selling Insider activities
on Amazon stock are dominated by sellers
to me the selling activities reflect
fundamental changes in Amazon stock
faces in the near future the key
challenge to include pressure on its
operating margins competition and key
growth areas and valuation so um the
suggestion here is not necessarily that
this is panic moment sell sell sell but
the point here is that when investors
are you know the actual insiders and you
see them selling it dictates what uh
absolutely could be happening here and
that it's probably not going to get
better before it gets worse and so what
you know how do we even do that like how
do we even know when insiders are
selling well I have a video about this
uh in my playlists if you go inside the
playlists and you search for literally
it says like how to find when insiders
are selling something to this effect in
my uh course that's you you go to the
money GPS YouTube channel you scroll
down you see the playlists go to the
ecourse that's there the easy ecourse
and there's a whole bunch of videos one
of them says just that okay it's one of
the First videos and you can find out
for yourself exactly how to do this for
all um all companies any um any insiders
you're looking for you could see it and
it's interesting in the case uh we saw
not that long ago I did a video where
Tim Cook sold off he was given $300
million worth and he sold it the next
day so it tells you what where the value
is do you think Apple will be more
valuable Tim Cook or do you want to take
that 300 million and do who knows what
with it and he took that 300 million
doesn't mean he sold all the stock but
we look at that and have to say Okay
where is because you would think he
would want to put it in the place where
it be valued the most but if you're
going to take $300 million and start to
put it somewhere
else well what does that tell you you
know you use your own judgment again
look just take it with a grain of salt
all right because it doesn't mean
they're all selling Panic selling and so
on not at least not in this case SEC
head warns that a final CRA financial
crash caused by AI is nearly an
unavoidable yeah um but what do we need
oh we need regulation that's right let
us come in because oh yeah we really did
a great job on every previous crash it's
ridiculous but anyway that's uh the SEC
and I know nobody trust this guy anyway
but what we tend to see is like little
bits of a warning did you notice that
they kind of warn about this and then
like a year later something really oh I
told you so kind of like you know
letting everybody know in events I don't
know I find it strange now things could
brick and so we want to be aware of that
in advance and one example um that I
want to talk about is what happened back
in the 70s and in particular we need to
talk about the Resurgence of inflation
and so they discuss that here in this
article history indicates that the last
mile of inflation is often the hardest
one of the key lessons of the 1970s was
that inflation failed to return to its
previous levels after the first oil
shock of 1973 and US recession of 7375
it went even higher following a second
oil shock in 1979 now that inflation has
become above Target for the past two
years a flesh fresh inflationary Spike
could well lead to expectations Beyond
become unanchored and you could see what
happened right here in this particular
chart that's uh CPI inflation what does
this tell you well right now today we're
getting shock After Shock After Shock
After Shock just in the oil market and
then you spread out and you start to
look at these different potential events
this is a big concern today so we watch
carefully on oil but of course beyond
that there are any number of events that
could pop off knowing that we have to
watch closely because if they think that
they're going to start cutting rates and
they do that if they were to start
cutting rates and some event happens and
inflation goes up they are going to need
need to bring interest rates up way
higher than where they are today that
would crush absolutely crush the economy
what they want to do is print more money
and they want to do so at the fastest
rate they've ever done in history but if
inflation starts to go up meaningfully
oh then we're in for a real treat what
do you think is this potential that we
get a Resurgence a lot of people are
saying no absolutely not well you decide
um investors whether it's retail
investors whether it's the the
pros um you could see right here for
individuals what they're doing well
ibonds have become very popular series
ibonds rate could top 5% in November and
I think it's important to look at any
investment that's going to bring you 5%
or more we want that we need that
because we want to keep up with
inflation and certainly inflation
depending on how you measure it is a lot
higher than that but the point is at
least get something right all right
don't don't just leave it in some like
random checking account to accumulate
nothing you could be putting in there
month after month after month and it
rolls over quickly a high interest
savings account even you know a lot of
these things are given 5% earn more than
5% interest on your money these are
apparently the best high yield savings
accounts for October of 202
and you could look here of course uh um
you know I'll put it right here on the
screen so you could see that the whole
point is it really depends on you and
what you are trying to accomplish as an
individual U because for some people
it's all about wealth preservation I I
got this you know little Nest Egg and I
need to keep this and I need to make
sure that I hold on to this for the
longest period of time other people
might say I've got a lot I've I've saved
I've got multiple pieces of Real Estate
got gold and silver I've got my pension
I've got my you know uh 401k or rrsp or
super I am okay I just need to make sure
that nothing catastrophic happens and so
on and so forth so it depends on those
circumstances whether you are going to
be doing one thing or the other there's
never a one siiz fits all never don't
believe that oh this is the best thing
no it's the best thing for for you the
point is and what we can do about this
scenario is that we need to
overwhelmingly we need to make sure that
where we are putting our money our
savings our cash liquid into something
that will bring us a return that return
doesn't have to be overwhelming but at
least get something because we're that
inflation is just eating us since 2020
it's eating it's eating and the
potential that they'll go even f further
watch out okay so that's the number one
thing I believe right now that everybody
must be doing yeah you can get into the
ibonds there's a limit of 10,000 on
ibonds but look around and you will find
these things okay High interest savings
accounts money market funds whatever
you're going to have a percentage of
your portfolio that you want to be
liquid that you want to be able to you
know deploy at some point but that
doesn't mean you got to just leave it
right there and not earn anything on it
you could do you know lock in for one
month in some cases and you know as you
get that you can just roll it over roll
it over um depending on you know how you
want to approach it the point is do not
leave your money idle make it work for
you even better you could be putting
that into an e-commerce business or
something else where you're going to be
able to multiply that where you know on
a given any given month you would be
double in your return on investment but
anyway that's a whole different story um
right now what I would highly advise
everybody if you want like what do I do
what stock do I get like if this is the
condition what stock should I buy well
Seeking Alpha absolutely helps with that
and you could see just um some of these
examples right here they give you the
top rated stocks I you know if you're
going to get into a stock you got to
know number one who's selling inside and
out that's you got to do that before you
buy any stock at the same time you want
to look okay what are the retail
investors saying what are the pros
saying about this what are the you know
the the big boys the Warren buffets and
so on saying about this if anything at
all what are the prospects of the sector
all of those things you need to
understand before you pull the trigger
you don't just say well that YouTuber
said so I'm going to buy it no and so
Seeking Alpha helps with that there's a
7-Day free trial in the description I
would highly recommend checking get out
if you're interested in that sort of
thing comment of the day imagine being
able to and thank you very much U Mark
for this imagine being able to create
money out of thin air buy back bonds
that were created with the money that
you created out of nothing in the first
place seems legit yes that's right
that's the world we live in today my
goodness it's wild knowing this
information that really tells me that
they're are always going to go for more
infl man as a result of that we need to
make the best decisions accordingly if
you appreciated this information hit
that thumbs up button when you do you're
basically telling the algorithm hey this
guy's good so I do appreciate that very
much I want to see you tomorrow right
here on the channel take care